I don't say
It's you! How did you know my name?
Your father
It is the Wusheng Tomb Yunjiao that once shocked the world
And you used to help Dongying
Four years in prison for cheating at the World Tournament
I was right.
What do you want?
Back then, I was the head of the Wangchuan Martial Arts Hall
Ye Han
Wangchuan martial arts hall
The largest martial arts group in China
I didn't expect him to have this identity back then
It wasn't my intention to hurt you back then
But
I no longer ask anyone in the martial arts world
You don't need to find me in the future, wait a minute.
That day in the park
Screw something
So you found this.
I thought I lost it.
Thanks.
I have an emergency at home
I'll go first
See you when you have a chance
I finally found you.
Kobayashi, eat less
Kobayashi